Include link to example payloads (#210)
dnsimple/dnsimple-developer: content/v2/webhooks.markdown

- zone\_record.delete
- zone\_record.update

### Event payloads

> We maintain a repository of example payloads that you can use [here](https://github.com/dnsimple/dnsimple-developer/tree/master/fixtures/v2/webhooks).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We maintain a [repository of example payloads](https://github.com/dnsimple/dnsimple-developer/tree/master/fixtures/v2/webhooks) that you can use to design and test your integrations.
```
